I want to marry you!
You really signed the contract.
Don't call me by my name, I'm your sister
sign a contract
In fact, I liked him very early on
I've been waiting for this day for a long time
Xiao Rui, can you get up first?
What are you stimulated by?
Is my sister taking you to the hospital? I'm very sober.
I feel like my whole life
Is my closest and dearest person
Shut up I don't want to hear this
for
What is it that you don't believe that I love you more than Deer Boy?
And if you two are truly in love
What do you think between the two of you
Do you feel broken because of what others say?
Therefore, Mr. Chen
Who is behind the matter of Mr. Chen?
I don't know.
I'm serious.
This is the sign language I prepared for you.
Ready to be punished early
Xiao Rui, I only regard you as a disciple
And I didn't want to.
I want to be with you.
I want to be with you all the time.
Have you ever thought about your parents when you do this?
What will the group do in the future?
Why run away from them?
If you continue to be so stubborn
Everything you have now will be gone
Take good care of the family business
I will also make you the most beautiful Gu family wife
It's your sister who's always incest
I don't care what you do.
You sit here and have a good rest
He will definitely come
He won't.
Don't worry, no one can disturb us.